Hey down to earth
I packed your favorite preserved egg and lean meat porridge
Go to sleep when you're done eating
Thank you, Uncle Chen, eat
Uncle Chen, if you hadn't taken care of me these years
I don't know what it's going to be like yet
What did you say to me?
Hey, are you going missing?
Old post, I don't know where you went
Come back at this point.
Something urgent
Forget it, let's talk about it
Okay, okay, you have a lot to do
Come come
Hurry up and pay this month's living expenses
What are you doing? Living expenses
This firewood, rice, oil and salt are free.
He's such a big man
And let him eat for free all day long
Can you say a few words less?
There are arguments and vegetables, but you can't keep your mouth shut.
Xiaofan is fine Xiao Zhou
Why don't you eat it?
It's not like your usual style.
Eating in the early morning is as clean as a dog licking
Yes, Xiaofan
Is this porridge not appetizing? This porridge
Would you drink it?